			Last revised 24-Jul-18

			  Questionnaire for

		 Harvard Extension School CSCI E-92:
	     Principles of Operating Systems - Fall 2018


Name:				Home/Cellular phone number:


E-mail:				Work phone number:


Where are you located?  What is your time zone?


So that we can meet on-line, if necessary, what is your Skype name
and/or your Google Hangouts name?


Occupation (If an undergraduate student, please specify your major and
year and at which school; If a graduate student, please specify your
department, field, and year and at which school).


Are you currently enrolled in a degree program?


Have you taken:
  CSCI E-10a (Formerly CSCI E-50a) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java I),
  CSCI E-10b (Formerly CSCI E-50b) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java II),
  CSCI E-50 (Formerly CSCI E-52) (Intensive Introduction to Computer
      Science),
  CSCI E-28 (Formerly CSCI E-215) (Unix/Linux Systems Programming),
  CSCI E-124 (Data Structures and Algorithms),
  or equivalents
(specify which)?


Have you taken CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119) (Data Structures)?

	If not, how do you meet the prerequisite?


Do you have experience using Unix?  Do you have experience programming
using Unix system calls?  If yes, please describe.  If not, how do you
meet the prerequisite?


Are you already registered for this class?  -- If not, do you intend
to register?  Also, are you registered as a distance student?  Do you
intend to attend classes in person?


If you are a distance student, have you already ordered and/or
received the Freescale K70 development modules (TWR-K70F120M-KIT
(which includes TWR-K70F120M, TWR-SER, TWR-ELEV) and the TWR-LCD-RGB)?
Note: If the TWR-K70F120M-KIT is not available, the individual
components should be ordered.


Are you taking the course for undergraduate credit, graduate credit,
or noncredit?


What additional appropriate course or work experience do you have?


What is your math background?


What computer languages do you know (please include assembler and
high-level languages)?  Have you programmed in the C Programming
Language, C++, or Java?


What operating systems have you used (e.g. Windows, Mac OS, Linux,
iOS, Android, etc.)?


What computers have you used (i.e., which machine language instruction
sets)?


Why are you taking the course?


If the class needs to be rescheduled, is Thursday evening acceptable?


Other comments:
